feat(grouping): Document hierarchical grouping (#3916)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/data-management-settings/event-grouping/stack-trace-rules.mdx

matcher-name:expression other-matcher:expression ... action1 action2 ...
```

> The syntax follows the syntax from [Discover queries](/product/discover-queries/). If you want to negate the match, you can prefix the expression with an exclamation mark (`!`). If a line is prefixed with a hash (`#`), it's treated as a comment and ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax is the same as the syntax used for [Discover queries](/product/discover-queries/). If you want to negate the match, prefix the expression with an exclamation mark (`!`). If a line is prefixed with a hash (`#`), it's ignored and treated as a comment.
```

stack.abs_path:**/generated/**.js         -group
```

> -`discover {tabTitle:Enhancement Rules} -stack.abs_path:**/node_modules/** -group -stack.abs_path:**/app/utils/requestError.jsx -group -stack.abs_path:**src/getsentry/src/getsentry/** +app - -family:native max-frames=3 - -stack.function:fetchSavedSearches v-group -stack.abs_path:**/app/views/**.jsx stack.function:fetchData ^-group - -family:native stack.function:SpawnThread v-app -app -family:native stack.function:_NSRaiseError ^-group -app -family:native stack.function:std::* -app -family:native stack.function:core::* -app -`

Reviewer 2: I don't think that will render nicely

Author: Whoops. I restored this example [here](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/pull/3916/files#diff-cb119bc9e50b510a3eecb3b5571682d0194d93837050f5da33bc2abf41c5ef8cR175), this must be a leftover.

```discover {tabTitle:Match multiple}
family:javascript,native stack.abs_path:**/generated/**  -group
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I think this was intentional to show multiple codeblocks as tabs

Author: This was done by autosave. It still renders as tabs though.

Matches on the current state of the in-app flag of a stack trace frame. `yes` means the frame is in-app, `no` means it's not.

### `category`

Matches on a built-in [built-in](#built-in-categories) or a user-defined frame category.
See [variable actions](#variable-actions) on how to set a category.

```discover {tabTitle:Category Match}
category:telemetry -group
```

#### Built-in Categories

> Frame categorization is heavily used by our newest grouping algorithm, so [if you have it enabled](/product/data-management-settings/event-grouping/grouping-breakdown#enabling-the-grouping-breakdown-beta),
> there are a variety of categories on which you can match, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frame categorization is heavily used by our newest grouping algorithm, so [if you have it enabled](/product/data-management-settings/event-grouping/grouping-breakdown#enabling-the-grouping-breakdown-beta), you can match on a variety of categories, including:
```

- `system` - detected system libraries
- `std` - detected standard libraries
- `ui` - UI frameworks
- `driver` - graphics drivers, and so on
- `telemetry` - crash reporting and analytics frameworks

See [our source code](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/blob/master/src/sentry/grouping/enhancer/enhancement-configs/mobile%402021-04-02.txt) for a full list of built-in categories.

</DefinitionList>

### Matching Sibling Frames

> Sometimes, information about the surrounding frames is necessary to apply a rule to a frame.
> For this purpose, use caller/callee matching syntax. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If information about the surrounding frames is necessary to apply a rule to a frame, use caller/callee matching syntax. For example:
```

- `app`: marks or unmarks a frame in-app
- `group`: adds or removes a frame from grouping
- `sentinel`: marks a frame as [sentinel frame](#sentinel--prefix-frames)
- `prefix`: marks a frame as [prefix frame](#sentinel--prefix-frames)

2. **variables**: Variables can be set (`variable=value`). Currently, there is just one:

- `max-frames`: sets the total number of frames to be considered for grouping. The default is `0`, which means "all frames." If set to `3`, only the top three frames are considered.

If a line is prefixed with a hash (`#`), it's a comment and ignored.
### Variable Actions

```discover {tabTitle:Enhancement Rules}
stack.abs_path:**/node_modules/** -group
stack.abs_path:**/app/utils/requestError.jsx -group

> stack.abs_path:**src/getsentry/src/getsentry/** +app

Reviewer 2: I'd restore some basic examples

family:native stack.function:KnownBadFunction1  max-frames=5
family:native stack.function:KnownBadFunction2  max-frames=5
```

### Sentinel & Prefix Frames

<Note>

This feature is available only if you're in the Early Adopter program. Features available to Early Adopters are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony.

If you’re interested in being an Early Adopter, you can turn your organization’s Early Adopter status on/off in General Settings. This will affect all users in your organization and can be turned back off just as easily.

</Note>

> In [the Grouping Breakdown tab](src/docs/product/sentry-basics/guides/grouping-and-fingerprints/grouping-breakdown), you can adjust the level of detail by which

Reviewer 2: How is this breakdown tab useful?

* can be used to determine whether stacktraces within group are largely the same
* can be used to determine whether grouping by one frame instead of all makes any difference

family:native stack.function:KnownBadFunction1  max-frames=5
family:native stack.function:KnownBadFunction2  max-frames=5
```

### Sentinel & Prefix Frames

<Note>

This feature is available only if you're in the Early Adopter program. Features available to Early Adopters are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony.

If you’re interested in being an Early Adopter, you can turn your organization’s Early Adopter status on/off in General Settings. This will affect all users in your organization and can be turned back off just as easily.

</Note>

> If you have the [Grouping Breakdown feature enabled](/product/data-management-settings/event-grouping/grouping-breakdown#enabling-the-grouping-breakdown-beta) (currently in beta),
> Sentry groups events by identifying the most interesting group of frames it can
> find in a stack trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have the [Grouping Breakdown feature enabled](/product/data-management-settings/event-grouping/grouping-breakdown#enabling-the-grouping-breakdown-beta) (currently available only to Early Adopters), Sentry groups events by identifying the most interesting group of frames it can find in a stack trace.
```

To mark frames as interesting, use the `+sentinel` and `+prefix` actions. For the first level, our algorithm looks for the first frame `X` which is marked as sentinel. The fingerprint of this frame is added to the level. If `X` is also a prefix frame, the next frame `Y` is also added. If `Y` is again a prefix frame, the next frame `Z` is added, and so on.

> If no sentinel frame is found, every frame which contributes to grouping according to the usual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no sentinel frame is found, every frame that contributes to grouping according to the usual
```
